mommy look isn't this how you always
wanted to see your daughter my mom and
dad are watching look at Stepford wife
I've got cheddar Bay biscuits for
everyone I love them that's the first
thing that I picked up when I go to the
Red Lobster
aren't they delish yeah well our first
guest is this is a stuff and I did bring
the hunt so it's by the way the fatty
that I am our first guest is a
self-proclaimed copycat his cookbook is
called America's most-wanted recipe and
it's filled with all these secret
recipes from the restaurants that we
love please welcome to the show Ron
Douglas
let's live them on the web you know
thank you one that's the I'm a big fan
I'm a big fan of food and all these
guess what's in here along with the
cheddar Bay biscuits which PS what is
this recipe oh well the real secret to
that recipe is mild cheddar cheese it's
really easy to make I've been making it
for years and with that cookbook you
know it shows you step by step how to do
it yourself at home okay and there's
something else in here before we get to
the KFC secret recipe if you love hula
hands like Isla is it believe you know
Houston's like I love Houston the first
thing you order is what the spinach dip
learn to make it okay so now look let's
start the cooking and there's grease
come on what we're doing God you claim
that you figured out the Colonel's
recipe yes I'm gonna take you to it
first buttermilk buttermilk then I'm
gonna get you to help me with this it'll
teach you how to make it offer the
buttermilk the eggs a chicken dredging
right I should pour that flour in there
where's the flour right here stop it in
there good
that's why the recipe does it turning
out no but you want to know what there
are 11 herbs and spices the colonel says
how many do you have here two four six
I love okay this can't give me years to
figure out how to make this recipe and I
started out on my own website recipe
secret snack uh-huh that's really a
collective effort between our me and the
people on my website they will provide
feedback and it needs more of this less
list so um look you know you can't keep
up and go okay so back honey wheat a
bush man bread don't you love that when
you go to Outback this book is great
dude that grief from any of these
restaurants
I don't claim that these at a restaurant
recipes I claim were using my version
okay restaurant recipe and you know I
don't go to steal this you could cook
books on there you know back kitchen or
something you know this is like a
collective effort between me and people
my website we came up with these dishes
through trial and error over the years
and right now I'm putting the 11 herbs
and spices in right I'll just call off
the 11 herbs and spices sort of people
at home know what they are you know
oregano chili powder dried sage basil
marjoram pepper salt paprika onion salt
garlic powder and accent grating is
really excellent accent is it that gummy
texture really a little bit okay Taco
Bell
beep chalupa supreme I love that the dog
passed away you heard that yeah no keep
going
look look so I heard that she had a
friend that worked at KFC and you tried
to bribe the friend for the secret
recipe yeah a guy yeah my brother had a
friend that um they worked there now you
know I was jokingly off and I'm honored
Allah but they don't know what the
recipe is obviously it would be out if
they did it comes a little prepackaged
so you have to do it trial and error
like like I did or you could buy this
cookbook the recipes like yeah my
version of the recipe you know what the
Soup Nazi from Seinfeld he makes this
cream of sweet potato soup that's in
there also all right what do you already
doing ready for we fold this all in this
is so great let's start the flying so
what we're gonna do here is we're going
to dip the chicken and the egg mixture
is pedasi yeah we're gonna coat it with
the flour and spice mixture okay and
then we're gonna put it in the flour but
you do it all over here
now all right America there are two
things I promised myself in getting in
front of you on this show one I would
never eat chicken on TV and the other I
would never eat watermelon on TV
however
we know each other well enough now I
don't mind the chicken why is it and
popping it will how do you go what are
these contraptions here and what should
you be cooking it in well I see that
pressure cooker over there
well the real secret to KFC if you ever
go to the restaurant they have these
high powered industrial pressure fryer
right and this is an example of an
at-home pressure fryer but right now
we're just using it you know and we're
just ruling a pot and pans to do it with
some grease in it okay we'll come out
with that gummy texture unless you have
the pressure fryer which is like $300 or
something okay so which one which one of
these recipes is the most difficult in
your book to follow do you think to
follow yeah um well the KFC because you
need a lot of different spices I would
say on the Oreo cookie cheesecake from
the Cheesecake Factory alright now what
is this right here we have two plates
talk to me about what's going on in each
plate while you fry more that's the
chicken it's already been cooked on the
Red Lobster cheddar Bay biscuits which
is also in the cookbook okay and these
are both your recipes yes
can I share with somebody is that going
to throw off the whole schematics of
this entire segment or book word Rob
okay Jennifer do you like hot sauce I
will today all right well you're not
Mike so don't talk just smile if you
love it okay I can't my master horrible
it's like a wild animal
both of these recipes the cheddar bag as
well as the chicken are available at
Wendy show calm and everyone in the
audience is going to get it how is it
gonna get a copy of